Reuse shadowJar for spark client bundle jar maven publish (#1857)
apache/polaris: site/content/in-dev/unreleased/polaris-spark-client.md

3) Rename a Delta table is not supported.
4) ALTER TABLE ... SET LOCATION is not supported for DELTA table.
5) For other non-Iceberg tables like csv, it is not supported.

> ## Iceberg Spark Runtime Client compatibility with Polaris Spark Client

Reviewer: side question: what is the Iceberg artifact called "runtime" but the corresponding Polaris artifact is a "client"?

> The Polaris Spark client today is not designed to be used with Iceberg Spark client together. In other words,

Reviewer 2: Is this design decision definitive?

I remember I asked @gh-yzou a while ago:

https://github.com/apache/polaris/pull/1303#discussion_r2028560451

Including the entire Iceberg Spark runtime jar in this artifact has a few drawbacks such as: increased jar size (~60Mb), increased complexity for LICENSE and NOTICE files.

Just compiling against the Spark runtime jar without including it would imo solve these problems.

Author: @adutra Yes, there are certain drawbacks. However, as we mentioned before, there are couple of challenges:
1) some classes will be missing due to reflection (construct based on class name) used in the Iceberg class. 
2) compatibility with other iceberg version needs to be tested, instead of letting user try to figure out what is the version they need to use to make sure thing are working. It would be easier to just include it to start with, so that user don't have to worry about that too much to begin with.

Again, this is just the first release, future improvement can always be made once we add improvement and compatibility testing to provide better guarantee to the user.

Reviewer 2: @gh-yzou can you clarify item 1 above? I.e. "some classes will be missing due to reflection (construct based on class name) used in the Iceberg class".

For item 2, I'd say this is already the case for anybody. I could mix the wrong Spark runtime jar with an incompatible AWS SDK package and things would break at runtime.

Also, not sure if asking users to _replace_ the Spark runtime jar with the Polaris/Spark runtime jar isn't actually worse than asking them to _add_ an extra jar while keeping the Spark runtime jar they are already using.

This would obviously require us to publish and maintain a detailed matrix compatibility table. But we'll have to do it anyways imo.

How de we consider this issue wrt to the upcoming 1.0 Polaris release? Changing this after the 1.0 release will be impossible, I guess.

Author: For 1, for example, when we create the catalog, the catalog is created as using
```
catalog = ctor.newInstance();
```
And the ctor is decided by the String in the configuration. For this kind of use case, those class will be missing during package if we just pack the dependent classes.I believe it is the same for auth manager class.

```
How de we consider this issue wrt to the upcoming 1.0 Polaris release? Changing this after the 1.0 release will be impossible, I guess.
```
That should be possible, every project should be allowed to introduce behavior change with established process, for example, iceberg can move on to v2, v3 specs, which is dramatic change for users. 
Especially the whole generic table project is marked as beta for now,  and the spark client is mainly introduced for generic table usage.

Reviewer 3: I think we really like the idea that we can ship a single jar that a user can use to enable this functionality. A lot of folks do not have access to maven and the ability to share a single jar and begin working is a great help. This comes up a lot.

It also makes sense to me to provide the non-bundled resource just in case users do what to do just-in-time substitutions and possibly shade it other resources. I can say from my own previous experience the single Jar versions are much more popular with Spark plugins.

We could essentially have two projects here (as in the Iceberg repo), the first being an unshaded version of the build which doesn't include any dependencies by default. End users would then download all the dependencies using --spark.packages or what not. 

The second would be a shadow jar project (polaris-spark-catalog-plugin-bundle) or something like that. Which just uses the first project as a dependency and shades everything in it.

---

Now both of these things I don't think are necessarily related or blocking 1.0. If users start using the bundle and like it, then we should keep shipping it. If they also need the non-bundled version we can add that later. Even if we restructure the build it doesn't really matter as long as we keep the artifact names the same.

Author: @adutra do you think it would be ok that if we deliver both the bundle and non-bundled one to satisfy different use cases? i can work on adding both support

Reviewer 4: I've tested it locally with Spark 3.5.6 against apache maven. The package option works well for me. I don't think it's a blocker. Here is the command I used for test.
```
bin/spark-shell \
--packages org.apache.polaris:polaris-spark-3.5_2.12:1.1.0-incubating-SNAPSHOT,io.delta:delta-spark_2.12:3.3.1 \
--repositories https://repository.apache.org/content/groups/snapshots/ \
--conf spark.sql.extensions=org.apache.iceberg.spark.extensions.IcebergSparkSessionExtensions,io.delta.sql.DeltaSparkSessionExtension \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.spark_catalog=org.apache.spark.sql.delta.catalog.DeltaCatalog \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.polaris.warehouse=manual_spark \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.polaris.header.X-Iceberg-Access-Delegation=vended-credentials \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.polaris=org.apache.polaris.spark.SparkCatalog \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.polaris.uri=http://127.0.0.1:8181/api/catalog \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.polaris.credential='root:secret' \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.polaris.scope='PRINCIPAL_ROLE:ALL' \
--conf spark.sql.catalog.polaris.token-refresh-enabled=true
```

Author: @adutra since we have tested and clarified that we already support both approach today without this change. i updated the PR title as an improvement to reuse the shadowJar for maven publish.
The published jar name is called polaris-spark-3.5_2.12-0.11.0-beta-incubating-SNAPSHOT-bundle.jar, which i think is a pretty clear name. If we prefer name like polaris-spark-bundle, i will need to create a separate project to just pack the uber jar, and I can do it in a follow up PR.

Reviewer 4: I think we got a consensus here. I will remove the `1.0-blocker` label if there is no objection.

Reviewer 2: The current jar name is fine imho, thank you @gh-yzou! I appreciate your patience 😄

there is no guarantee provided if both `org.apache.iceberg:iceberg-spark-runtime-3.5_2.12:<iceberg_version>` and 
`org.apache.polaris:polaris-spark-3.5_2.12:<polaris_version>` are provided for the Spark `package` configuration.

> In order to help the usage of IcebergExtension use the same client, Polaris Spark client also ships a version of

Reviewer 2: This needs some rephrasing: "In order to help the usage of IcebergExtension use the same client..."

Iceberg Spark client with it, the version information is described in the following table:

| Spark Client Version | Iceberg Spark Client Version |
|----------------------|------------------------------|
| 1.0.0                | 1.9.0                        |

> ## Trouble Shooting
> 1. When starting spark, sometimes it complains it failed to download a package, for example, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting
1. When starting Spark, sometimes it complains it failed to download a package, for example, 
```
